Japonais Bistro was a pretty good experience! The robata bento was good, loved all the grilled food on it, my only complaint is that I was hoping for more food for the price I was paying for. The assorted chef’s choice sashimi plates was my favourite dish that I ate! The fish tasted fresh, and it was also a unique experience because I never had octopus and squid sashimi! Finally for dessert, the matcha creme brulee was the perfect way to end of the meal, it was sweet, but not too overpowering! My complaint about the matcha creme brulee is I also wished for more for the price I was paying for. All in all, I think I’d come back to Japonais Bistro for sure!
We ordered 5 plates & desert. Everything was incredible including our server.We will be back.
Delicious and Fresh.  Bluefin Toro was melt in your mouth.  King Salmon was buttery smooth. Pressed Salmon mayo sauce was exceptional. We Ordered seconds on the Creamy Lobster Udon… sauce was that flavourful. Stephen our waiter was great service.  Will be back.
I have come here several times, and I have always found good service and great staff. I have never been disappointed with their food taste, except perhaps the portions. Unfortunately, since COVID, they have ignored pictures in their digital menu. The parking in the area is not the best, so plan accordingly, unless you are lucky to find one just spot just outside the restaurant.
Absolutely amazing food!!! Truffle Fry and Love Crunch pictured- both so flavourful. Had the Pear Sake which was very good. Finished off with the Matcha Creme Brûlée. Beautiful! Will be back.
Amazing service and food as usual! Their nigiri is top notch here! Worth every dollar you pay and more! Spent 3 hours here with good company eating sushi. Best sushi place in town hands down!
Amazing experience! Extremely fresh and well put together sushi. All of the rolls were well thought out and delicious while being unique. Would highly recommend this place for high end sushi in Edmonton!
It’s unbelievable Japonais can get 4.5 stars on Google review. I’d like to give 0 star if I can. I’m curious if they bought the reviews. No matter the food or services, it’s completely a worst experience I’ve ever had in Edmonton. Someone said it’s the best Japanese restaurant here, how dare… We waited for our sashimi, sushi and nigiri for over one hour, but the sashimi tasted super icy inside. Server never came to provide proper services, and she even didn’t know what the chef special had…All food wasn’t impressive. Please do not waste your time and money.
Food and restaurant 5/5Pick up service 1/5Food is some of the best sushi/Japanese in the city. It's pricey but you get what you pay for - delicious, mouthwatering food, courteous service and nice atmosphere.Biggest issue was the pick up service. Ordered food at 530 for a 740 pick up (makes sense since it's busy but worth the wait... Or so I thought). Drive to the restaurant and get a call 15 mins before pick up that food is half an hour late (wouldn't have minded if they gave a longer heads up as I'm already on my way). They say they will try to get food ready for 750. Get to restaurant at 750 and packed with people waiting for orders. Pick up was scheduled for 740 - didn't get food until 825. 45 mins late, after they already said it was half an hour late. Unfortunate that they keep promising times and missing every mark. I would have been okay with a much later pick up time when I first ordered. Definitely need to get that sorted out.
Highly recommend coming here. Prices are high but portions are bigger than expected. The food tastes amazing and the customer service is fantastic. Try to be understanding with length of time between check ins from your host/hostess, when my friends and I went, there were only two for the entire place. Enjoy!
The service was exemplary! The serving staff were extremely polite and very knowledgeable about the menu. They helped answer any question we may have had.The food was phenomenal as well. Couldn't get enough of it! Well worth the price. One of my absolute favorite restaurants!
Honestly the food here is amazing and I absolutely love the matcha creme brule. This was my favourite restaurant up until a week ago. It still would be had I not almost died. They are negligent with allergies unfortunately even when informed of one, and they don't care when their mistakes send you to the hospital.
Some of the best sushi I've ever had, hands down. Yes, it's expensive, but it was totally worth it. I'm gluten free, my spouse is vegetarian - we have a hard time finding a sushi place where we can both eat. However, they had a full gluten free menu, plenty of vegetarian options, and it was all delicious.I wanted to post a picture, but we ate it too fast. Will definitely be ordering from here again soon!
Seriously the best sashimi ever! There was 8 of us there and everything we ordered was mouth-watering. Delicious! Great service. Will definitely be back
One of my favorite Japanese restaurants in Edmonton.When I am dining in, I usually order their omakase.  It is not cheap, but provides a variety of delicious goodness that has never disappointed me.As a take out, I ordered 3 different kinds of rolls, and they were uniquely delicious:- Golden crunch- Godzilla- Truffle fryMy personal favorite was Godzilla.
This restaurant is by far the most creative sushi dining experience with quality in Edmonton. The rolls are all impeccably created and finished.  And the taste if fresh and not overdone.  In some cases like the Love Cruch Roll, you can ask for less sauce.  It's all customizable.  Awesome establishment that is also handling the COVID situation very well.
The taste and quality of the food here is awesome. The takeout presentation could be better though... But the taste made up for it. All tasted authentic, and not like frozen defrosted food. You can tell each item including the takoyaki is made fresh. The lobster cream udon was absolutely delicious! Would reccomend!
Well well well! If you haven’t been to this place you are missing out big time!! The food is too quality, the freshness the flavour the seasoning I really find this restaurant kinda fancy to be honest. The vibe in there the service our server Michelle very friendly always smiling even tho she has mask on I can tell. Truffle fry sushi is her favourite and now maybe one of my favourites too. I cant wait to go back.
Super loved the SUSHI!!! sashimi and lobster cream udon!!! Must go if you want to enjoy japanese food. Will definitely be back. And great service too! they surprised my husband a complimentary ice cream for his birthday
Oh my god! What an experience. The entire package from getting to getting out was an experience. My friends suggested this place for a long time and we finally made it this time. The server was very friendly, welcoming and helpful. The presentation was perfect and the food, well, was absolutely delicious. It was so good that someone like me who usually eats in small quantities ended up having more than my usual intake. A tad bit expensive but with quality like that, the price is totally worth it. Will be back.
Delicious food, excellent service, though on the pricey side. Best for special occasions.
I have been here a few times now.  I am never disappointed. My 3 kids joined me and loved the sushi! So many unique rolls to try. The Salmon sashimi is very good.  Thanks
Excellent food.  One of the best Japanese restaurants in Edmonton.  Really enjoyed the Shiro Sangria . The Calamari is amazing.  My friend ordered hot stone Wagyu . The taste is good but considering the portion size, it's too expensive-  27$ for 3/4 thin slices of steak.  This was the only disappointment we had tonight. Tiramisu parfait  is a must try thing.   Our server was great.  Very friendly and attentive.  Overall, great experience.
Nice little Japanese restaurant that we found when we were up in Edmonton. Their sushi was fresh, signature dishes was amazing. The creamy lobster udon and salmon pressed sushi are their signature dishes. Can't ask for more. Sushi needs to be fresh haha their Ootoro, my first time trying and yes it's $11 for a piece of nigiri but it's worth the price! Melt in your mouth tuna 🤤
Excellent sushi & really friendly staff :-) I go often - I’m never disappointed.
Arrived Saturday at 7pm, after having to request later dinner reservation than our original 6pm booking and it was no problem for them to accommodate. The restaurant was busy upon arrival and throughout our visit. Our waiter, Raver - forgive me if that's completely wrong, it was loud enough in the restaurant that I can't be sure- was so great! His attitude and demeanor was instantly attractive and welcomed.The food was unreal! So many people talking about the portion sizes being small for the price paid. Where you eating your sushi? Tokyo express? Safeway deli? There was nothing wrong with the portion size. We ordered the waygu hot stone and yes, only 5 pieces of meat but mouth watering and wonderful experience of cooking table side. Bento box was a huge and a huge hit with my non raw fish eating partner. The maki rolls were vibrant and the sashimi (tuna especially) was so soft and fresh.I can't wait to go back and try everything else on the menu we didn't tonight. Fave new sushi place!
One of the best places I have eaten sushi (in Edmonton of course). Love the unique flavours. Don’t love the price. But it’s worth it
Food was good, we enjoyed the meal overall. Favourites were the lobster udon, pressed salmon, and seaweed salad. Tuna tataki needa a bit more sauce and garnishes imo. The texture just was not there too.Our server was great as well, he came to check up on us a few times.
If I could give this place more than 5 stars I wouldBest sushi I have ever had and it’s that good every single time. Love this place. Staff is always super friendly and efficient!! 100/10
Food is great!Service is terrible.Will not be ordering here again
ALL-TIME FAVE SUSHI PLACE
Fresh food..recommended ! Great place to enjoy with friends!
Lunchtime with my siblingsWe ordered the following and my review:Hot stone wagyu - excellentChef's choice sashimi - excellentAssorted tempura - good but greasyFried calamari - good but greasyIced teas - not sweet, goodJapanese teas - weak tasteand a complementary salad goodGreat waiting staff
The new sashimi is super delicious and so is the tataki. You can tell the chefs really put a lot of thought into the flavors. The atmosphere is really lovely and the staff are wonderful. One if the best sushi places in Edmonton.
This was my first visit.  Very impressed. Excellent food. Beautiful presentation.  Very large portion of calamari with tempura batter. Yummy. Some great comfort food mango tango sushi and new   items to me. Beautifully put together with very helpful efficient staff.
Our most favorite restaurant in all of Edmonton! I am allergic to gluten and they still had plenty of options and absolutely wonderful service! Added bonus - go check out their restrooms for a popular item in Japan. Please go here and support this restaurant!!!!
Excellent Japanese dining option. You really can't go wrong with any of the entrees and I like the quiet ambience compared to some of the other louder resturauntsin the area.
I am not exaggerating, but this is the best place in Edmonton if you think about eating sushi.VERY good quality, and they delivered the order in very short time.I am so happy, after many disappointing trials looking for a good sushi in Edmonton finally i found Japonais Bistro.The pressed salmon was very delicious, next time i will make sure to order enough.Thanks again and please do your best to keep the same quality and improve it. The quality of your food is what makes your restaurant different!Cheers!
One of my fave restaurants. Take out is excellent as well.
Great food great service. Went there around the last hour for their lunch....I wasn't hopeful for being accepted but they were so nice to accommodate us for my kiddos birthday. They did not disappoint our server was such a nice guy who explained things for us.Honestly great place to eat and I have not been disappointed with the quality of food.
Delicious Japanese restaurant with a really nice variety of gluten free substitutions. Highly recommend!
Great place . 1st time here and i loved it
Called a week prior to reserve a table directly with the restaurant and called to confirm the reservation on the day of, not only was not reserved properly there wasn't any follow up either. So, had I not called, my party of 11 people would of came for nothing and wasted time.
First time eating here, I got take out a few nights ago and it was amazing. 5/5 stars!!Would definitely go again.
Definitely the best sushi in Edmonton. Not cheap but you get what you pay for! Be sure to make a reso in advance :)
Best sushi in Edmonton! The food is always fresh and never disappoints. Been a customer for years and the service is always great as well.
This place deserves a 5* rating, because quality and service are outstanding. The New Style roll will always be my favourite and you cannot get the same flavour anywhere else. Every other rolls that my boyfriend and I have tried were always delicious and flavourful. The servers are always polite and service is extremely fast on a busy night, even with 3 servers and a full house. The washroom is clean and well maintained, which is definitely a plus. Prices are reasonable for each roll and I will always come back here. :)
Food is top notch but it's very pricey. This is not your average dinner place but if you wanna spend big bucks for best quality Japanese meal in town, this is the place. I would rate it a 5 for quality alone but I am reflecting pricing on the score.
First time here and I'm definitely coming back. I didn't take enough pictures of the various food we ordered. Worth every penny.
I love this place! Service is A+, atmosphere is elegant, food is superb.
This is currently my favorite place for food.Atmosphere, service, location is all you can ask.River, our usual server is the best in the business.The chef's look amazing as they craft the most delicious meals.Thank you all at JP.Cheers!
We loved this place, it is nicely done and the server was very friendly.We ordered the TNT roll, the dynamite roll and nigiris of salmon and octopus.I must say everything was very well done and tasted delicious but the octopus. It was dry and veeery gummy, too hard to eat.I didnt give 5 stars because we had to sit right beside the exit door, and it was totally cold everytime somebody left the place, which was uncomfortable and didnt let us enjoy a relaxing dinner. So I would not use that table while people has to go out by that door, at least not when it is cold.
Food was incredible! Our server was also very nice and friendly.
Always great food and experience.  The sushi is always top quality, would even say the best in the city.  Hot food is great as well.  Also offer more premium ingredients like urchin and blue fin tuna.
love the Tuesday half price. great quality food there. I go there every other week lol
This restaurant is consistently excellent. The food is always fresh and delicious. The interior is charming. I look forward to dining in here again when safe to do so.They're great for take out too. They are pretty quick and it's nice to eat at home.
Great service and the spicy chicken yaki udon was exceptionally tasty.
So I'm not a sushi connoisseur, and I wouldn't know good from great. But I can definitely say that we thoroughly enjoyed our dinner. Service was friendly and helpful. Decor was interesting. Had the chef's choice platter for two and was very happy with the choice. Overall A+ experience.
Amazing food, service was superb, prices were good considering the quality of the food -An Excellent example of Japanese cuisine in Edmonton.
Best sushi in town
Very nice place to eat. Took family members visiting the city here and they all loved it. Will be back for sure.
Beautiful setting. Really friendly, welcoming staff. The food was EXCELLENT! The Wagyu hot stone was incredible and the Love Crunch roll that was recommended to us was so flavorful and delicious! We also had the pressed salmon roll, which was really nice and fresh. I'm sure anything on this menu is fantastic! We also enjoyed the Sake flight which is a great way to try it, if you're unfamiliar. Overall a wonderful experience and we're looking forward to going back!
Food and service outstanding. A must for Japanese food
Very impressed! The restaurant has a modern-casual atmosphere with friendly and prompt service. The food followed suite with freshly prepared assortments of sushi. My personal favourite dish was the pressed salmon, amazing flavour combination and a must try for your next visit!
My favourite place for sushi in Edmonton. We went here for Valentine’s this year. I have been coming here for years for lunch and it’s always been great. Their furnace had quit on them for arguably the busiest day of the year I’m sure. They had placed a bunch of electric heaters around to help keep the place warm. Great service as always. Love supporting a small business like this
My favourite sushi place in Edmonton. Great food and prices are reasonable. My go to is the make your own Bento for 20$ when I get takeout. Super filling and let’s you try a bit of everything. The chicken karage is amazing.
Going downhill. I go to sushi once a week in Edmonton. It was my boyfriends birthday and I had booked the booth in advance which they had given away when I got there (even though I was right on time). They didn’t try to make it right. The booth opened up 20min later and they didn’t offer for us to switch even though it sat empty until we left. Fish was not fresh either. Drinks were overpriced. Poor management. Won’t be back!
Great sushi place, didn't know existed. Food was tasty and well done. I believe it came with a complimentary communal salad.
Amazing sushi! I loved how fresh everything tasted. Our server was great. My favorite item was the truffle roll (can’t remember the exact name) but it was delicious! A perfect amount of truffles that gave the right flavor without overpowering the rest of the ingredients
Great food and service. Best Japanese cuisine in Edmonton
Service was awesome!! Michelle is so friendly and nice but also gives you and your company space to enjoy your meal. The food was well worth the price!! The sashimi is as fresh as it gets. They subbed imitation crab with real crab in my maki roll at no cost. The ambiance is amazing. Well lit for a good dinning experience with friends, family or even a date. Washroom is supper clean. They have badais with heated seating...
So many great items on their extensive menu. We are often here on Tuesdays for their Seafood Specials, especially great value in their salmon sashimi and oysters! Quick and friendly service and casual yet sophisticated atmosphere
Nice atmosphere and decent food! Many cool things to try here. Chirashi don bowl is gooood.
Nice Japanese food served, friendly staff and nice ambience
Arrived at 12nn on a Saturday as soon as they opened. 12:30 when the server finally asked what we wanted to drink. We just asked for water and gave our food order. 12:45 we asked for the water again. Our server said he was “working on it”. Work… what? For water?! By 1PM I already lost my patience as I looked around and saw other patrons are already eating even though they arrived the same time as we did. I spoke to that same server at 1:15 and was told these things take time. Like, I haven’t been to a restaurant before? Like it’s normal to take this long to be served food? We were going to just leave but food finally arrived at 1:20. Food was delicious but the beef in our bento robata was cold. Probably because it sat on the counter for a long time before it was served to us, who knows.I get that places like these are sometimes understaffed at no fault of anyone. It happens. But don’t tell me “these things take time” when I see other people are being served within a reasonable time frame. I had my 5 year old with me and she got so hungry waiting. Too bad because the food was delicious. Not coming back to this place nor will I recommend them to friends and family.
Everything on the menu looked so great, we couldn't decide, so we chose the Japanais Premium Select and let the chef chose for us!  We were not disappointed!  Every piece was delicious, but the truffle fried roll stood above, very good.
Outstanding sushi experience and service! Original menu anf fresh ingredients! Something you almost do not expect that far from the oceans! Congrats!
A bit pricy for me, but overall good food. The service is very good, feels like in a fancy place. I don't know if I'd go back though, it suits more local people who want an adapted Japanese cuisine for them. Dishes don't really fill you up, but the bentos are of good portions, highly recommended.
Came here during the week for lunch and I'd say that this is definitely one of the better Japanese restaurants in the city.Friendly service, and very professional, large menu and decent prices. We ordered a few dishes and they were all very tasty. You can tell that the food is fresh and made to order unlike other places I've been to. I admit that some of the rolls may seem less authentic, however they were still good nonetheless.My favourite dishes were the pressed salmon sushi and the Love crunch, it was really good. The other orders were chefs platter, and 12pc sashimi.
Perfection!
Great meal and service. First time but will be back!
This restaurant is consistently slow with decreasing quality. We won’t be back.Wait time was over 1 hour for a takeout order. When we arrived, food was already cold and soggy. We were overcharged as the takeout discount was not applied to our order. Given our bill of over $80 for two people, we would have liked the condition of our food to be fresh.
We went to try their Omakase, which is basically a chef's selected course meal. We started with salmon/tuna tataki followed by pumpkin soup, tuna/salmon/shrimp sashimi, grilled black cod, jerked beef steak, lychee sorbet, torched tuna/salmon sushi and finished with matcha creme brulee. Considering it was a $80 meal for 8 dishes, we felt that it was a good value. However, the portion size was just way too big for one person, and 3 dishes overlapped which made our course meal somewhat boring. Would have been better if they had nonoverlapping dishes and improve their portion allocations.
One of the best sushi places in Edmonton. Food is not only arranged beautifully in the plate but also taste so good. Highly recommend it
Loved the service and the food. A must try in my books!! It is a la carte. The duck was delicious on it's own, but also had a pumpkin sauce to go with it. The tako and tobiko were fresh. The new style roll had fresh salmon with olive oil. The salmon pressed sushi was so good! It was lightly pressed si it had a little bit of warmth to it. The prime steak was just ok. Typical flavour. You could get a better steak somewhere else. The tiramisu had chocolate ice cream with strawberries and an oreo cookie. If you want the traditional flavour I wouldn't recommend it. I liked it though. Must try!!! Favourite sushi spot in Edmonton!!
Had the 8 course omakaze. WOW just WOW!! Such amazing quality food. The sashimi was to die for!
Very welcoming and friendly service. Seafood tastes fresh which is surprising because we’re in Alberta. Be prepared to pay a pretty penny, but the food quality makes it worth it. Highly recommend the Godzilla makimono roll!
Best sushi I tasted so far! All delicious food!
Awesome lunch experience. Bento was perfect. Will be coming back for dinner next time we come to Edmonton
before i begin i would like to preface by saying that this review is mainly centred around the service experience rather than the food. japonais consistently produces outstanding dishes: it is easily one of the best spots in the city for flavourful, innovative, and high quality food.however with that being said,i recently just celebrated a birthday here and was extremely disappointed with the quality of customer service received. i made a reservation in advance however when i arrived my table had been given to someone else and i was placed at a table directly beside the front door which was rather cold, loud, and distracting. additionally, our server needed perpetual reminders to clear garbage and empty plates from the table. my family and i would have them organized nicely at the end of the table however she would simply drop off new food and leave the empty/dirty dishes behind. finally, towards the end of the evening my family and i were still talking and eating at the table when a staff member approached us and asked us to leave because the restaurant was going to close in a few minutes. we were given no prior messages as to when closing times were and were forced out before even being offered a dessert menu. overall not what i expected from a restaurant that has a reputation that is associated with higher end dining.
Really amazing service and staff at Japonais Bistro! I highly recommend for any fellow celiacs as they have tons of gluten free options. The service was so friendly and fast. Very high quality fish and meat! Definitely will be another place I visit when I visit Edmonton from now on.😄
Best sushi in town! I lived in Osaka for 2 years and this is the closest Edmonton has to offer. Amazing. Staff is stellar, fish is fresh, sake flows. If you haven't been here, you don't like Japanese good.
Food was good, service was a little slow but they were friendly. A bit pricy thou and definitely not all you can eat according to Google.
Amazing food 😋Friendly service
Delicious, fresh and affordable sushi for a landlocked restaurant. The plates were nicely decorated and classy. The restaurant has a great ambiance and fast service. Be wary that some vegetarian labeled dishes have shrimp in them! Staff were friendly, service was quick, food was delicious and we'll balanced and we all ate heartily for less than $20 a person!
october 04 2021made a reso for 6  celebrating family members birthday . terrible service dirty plates sat on our table over 15 minutes  hostess and manager have no experience of customer service experience
Best sushi I've had in Edmonton. Fresh and tasty. Recommend to all!!!
Great food and service under difficult Covid restrictions.
Delicious food. Good price.
The service is great and very friendly! I liked that you could see most of the kitchen staff as it added to an atmosphere of equal parts sophisticated and warm.The sunshine platter was AMAZING.
